# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiobotocore==2.21.1
    # via s3fs
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.8
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aiobotocore
    #   facebook-business
    #   gcsfs
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.15.1
    # via
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   sqlalchemy-spanner
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
asana==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
asynch==0.2.4
    # via clickhouse-sqlalchemy
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   zeep
backoff==2.2.1
    # via rudder-sdk-python
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko
boto3==1.37.1
    # via pyathena
botocore==1.37.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   pyathena
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   elastic-transport
    #   influxdb-client
    #   requests
    #   smartsheet-python-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
ciso8601==2.3.2
    # via asynch
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   typer
clickhouse-connect==0.8.14
    # via -r requirements.in
clickhouse-driver==0.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   clickhouse-sqlalchemy
clickhouse-sqlalchemy==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
confluent-kafka==2.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
crate==2.0.0
    # via sqlalchemy-cratedb
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
curlify==2.2.1
    # via facebook-business
databricks-sql-connector==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
databricks-sqlalchemy==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.2.1
    # via gcsfs
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via rudder-sdk-python
dlt==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dlt-cratedb
dlt-cratedb==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via pymongo
duckdb==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   duckdb-engine
duckdb-engine==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
elastic-transport==8.17.1
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
enum-compat==0.0.3
    # via intuit-oauth
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
facebook-business==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.17.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
flatten-json==0.1.14
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   gcsfs
    #   pyathena
    #   s3fs
future==1.0.0
    # via intuit-oauth
gcsfs==2025.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
geojson==3.2.0
    # via sqlalchemy-cratedb
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via dlt
giturlparse==0.12.0
    # via dlt
google-ads==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-analytics-data==0.18.17
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==2.24.1
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-analytics-data
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-api-python-client==2.130.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-analytics-data
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-ads
google-cloud-bigquery==3.30.0
    # via sqlalchemy-bigquery
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-spanner==3.54.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy-spanner
google-cloud-storage==3.1.0
    # via gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.69.0
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-spanner
grpc-interceptor==0.15.4
    # via google-cloud-spanner
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpc-interceptor
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-api-core
hdbcli==2.23.27
    # via sqlalchemy-hana
hexbytes==1.3.0
    # via dlt
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
humanize==4.12.1
    # via dlt
ibm-db==3.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ibm-db-sa
ibm-db-sa==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   yarl
inflection==0.5.1
    # via pyairtable
influxdb-client==1.41.0
    # via -r requirements.in
intuit-oauth==1.2.4
    # via python-quickbooks
isodate==0.7.2
    # via zeep
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpath-ng==1.7.0
    # via dlt
leb128==1.0.8
    # via asynch
lxml==5.3.1
    # via zeep
lz4==4.4.3
    # via
    #   asynch
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   databricks-sql-connector
makefun==1.15.6
    # via dlt
mako==1.3.9
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via mako
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
monotonic==1.6
    # via rudder-sdk-python
more-itertools==10.6.0
    # via simple-salesforce
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
mysql-connector-python==9.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.2.3
    # via
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via databricks-sql-connector
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   crate
    #   dlt
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   dlt
    #   duckdb-engine
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   marshmallow
    #   requirements-parser
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-redshift
pandas==2.2.3
    # via databricks-sql-connector
paramiko==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pathvalidate==3.2.3
    # via dlt
pendulum==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dlt
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   zeep
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via dlt
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.0
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-analytics-data
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-spanner
protobuf==4.25.6
    # via
    #   google-ads
    #   google-analytics-data
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dlt
py-machineid==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyairtable==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   databricks-sql-connector
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pyathena==3.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pycountry==24.6.1
    # via facebook-business
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via pyairtable
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pymongo==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pymysql==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via httplib2
pyrate-limiter==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   botocore
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   influxdb-client
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
    #   pyathena
    #   python-quickbooks
    #   rudder-sdk-python
    #   smartsheet-python-sdk
    #   time-machine
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via rudder-sdk-python
python-jose==3.5.0
    # via intuit-oauth
python-quickbooks==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.1
    # via
    #   asynch
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   clickhouse-driver
    #   dlt
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   zeep
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   google-ads
rauth==0.7.3
    # via python-quickbooks
reactivex==4.0.4
    # via influxdb-client
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   asana
    #   clickhouse-sqlalchemy
    #   curlify
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   dlt
    #   facebook-business
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   intuit-oauth
    #   pyairtable
    #   python-quickbooks
    #   rauth
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   rudder-sdk-python
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   smartsheet-python-sdk
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   stripe
    #   zeep
requests-file==2.1.0
    # via zeep
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   asana
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   intuit-oauth
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   smartsheet-python-sdk
    #   zeep
requirements-parser==0.11.0
    # via dlt
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich-argparse
    #   typer
rich-argparse==1.7.0
    # via dlt
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
rudder-sdk-python==2.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
s3fs==2025.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.11.3
    # via boto3
semver==3.0.4
    # via dlt
setuptools==75.8.2
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   influxdb-client
    #   python-quickbooks
    #   types-setuptools
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
simple-salesforce==1.12.6
    # via -r requirements.in
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   python-quickbooks
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   facebook-business
    #   flatten-json
    #   intuit-oauth
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-quickbooks
    #   smartsheet-python-sdk
    #   thrift
smartsheet-python-sdk==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
snowflake-connector-python==3.14.0
    # via snowflake-sqlalchemy
snowflake-sqlalchemy==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
sqlalchemy==1.4.52
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   clickhouse-sqlalchemy
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   databricks-sqlalchemy
    #   duckdb-engine
    #   ibm-db-sa
    #   snowflake-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-bigquery
    #   sqlalchemy-cratedb
    #   sqlalchemy-hana
    #   sqlalchemy-redshift
    #   sqlalchemy-spanner
sqlalchemy-bigquery==1.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy-cratedb==0.41.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy-hana==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy-redshift==0.8.14
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy-spanner==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlalchemy2-stubs==0.0.2a38
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlglot==26.12.1
    # via dlt
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via google-cloud-spanner
stripe==10.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   pyathena
thrift==0.16.0
    # via databricks-sql-connector
time-machine==2.16.0
    # via pendulum
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typer==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
types-requests==2.32.0.20240907
    # via -r requirements.in
types-setuptools==75.8.2.20250305
    # via requirements-parser
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   dlt
    #   pyairtable
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   reactivex
    #   simple-salesforce
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy2-stubs
    #   stripe
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   dlt
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
tzlocal==5.3
    # via
    #   asynch
    #   clickhouse-driver
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   crate
    #   databricks-sql-connector
    #   elastic-transport
    #   influxdb-client
    #   pyairtable
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
verlib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   crate
    #   sqlalchemy-cratedb
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via aiobotocore
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zeep==4.3.1
    # via simple-salesforce
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via clickhouse-connect
zstd==1.5.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   asynch
