# S3

[S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) is a bucket for storing data in Amazon's Simple Storage Service, a cloud-based storage solution provided by AWS. S3 buckets allow users to store and retrieve data at any time from anywhere on the web.

ingestr supports S3 as a source.

## URI Format

The URI format for S3 is as follows:

```plaintext
s3://<bucket_name>/<path_to_file>?access_key_id=<access_key_id>&secret_access_key=<secret_access_key>
```

URI parameters:

- `bucket_name`: The name of the bucket
- `path_to_files`: The relative path from the root of the bucket. You can find this from the S3 URI. For example, if your S3 URI is `s3://mybucket/students/students_details.csv`, then your bucket name is `mybucket` and path_to_files is `students/students_details.csv`.
- `access_key_id` and `secret_access_key` : Used for accessing S3 bucket.

## Setting up a S3 Integration

S3 requires access_key_id and secret_access_key. Please follow the guide on dltHub to [obtain credentials](https://dlthub.com/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/filesystem/basic#get-credentials). Once you've completed the guide, you should have an `access_key_id` and `secret_access_key`. From the S3 URI, you can extract the `bucket_name` and `path_to_files`

For example, if your access_key_id is `AKC3YOW7E`, secret_access_key is `XCtkpL5B`, bucket name is `my_bucket`, and path_to_files is `students/students_details.csv`, here's a sample command that will copy the data from the S3 bucket into a DuckDB database:

```sh
ingestr ingest --source-uri 's3://my_bucket/students/students_details.csv?access_key_id=AKC3YOW7E&secret_access_key=XCtkpL5B' --source-table 'students_details' --dest-uri duckdb:///s3.duckdb --dest-table 'dest.students_details'
```

The result of this command will be a table in the s3.duckdb database.

Below are some examples of file path patterns, each path pattern is a reference from the root of the bucket:

- `**/*.csv`: Retrieves all .csv files, regardless of how deep they are within the folder structure.
- `*.csv`: Retrieves all .csv files from the first level of a folder.
- `myFolder/**/*.jsonl`: Retrieves all .jsonl files from anywhere under myFolder.
- `myFolder/mySubFolder/users.parquet`: Retrieves the users.parquet file from mySubFolder.
- `employees.jsonl`: Retrieves the employees.jsonl file from the root level of bucket.
